Release 62.0.0 (#1465)
MetaMask/core: packages/permission-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [4.0.1]
### Fixed

> - tuple types from permissions rpc methods ([#1464](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1464))

Reviewer: Nit: here is an attempt at cleaning up the wording a bit:
```suggestion
- Fix permissions RPC method types ([#1464](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1464))
  - The RPC method handlers were mistakenly typed as an array rather than a tuple
```
